"状态”

UNCONFIRMED-----没有人确认这个bug需要被解决。有正确权限的用户可以确认这个bug,把它的状态改成"NEW”。bug经常直接被解决并被标志成"RESOVLED”,但是通常的情况是bug需要先被指定这个bug的属主开发人员确认。

NEW----bug已经被加入到属主的bug列表中,必须被处理。在这种状态下的bug即将被接受且被标志成"ASSIGNED”,或者是传递给另外某一个人员,期间把bug状态维持在NE,或者是直接被解决,并标志成"RESOLVED”。

ASSIGNED----这个状态下的bug还没有被解决,但是已经指派给可以解决它的人员。从这一步往下,bug可以被指派给另一个人员,并标志成NEW,或者是直接解决bug,标志成"RESOLVED”。

REOPENED----bug曾经被解决,但是解决方案被认为是不正确的。从这一步往下,bug可以被标志成ASSIGNED和RESOLVED。

RESOLVED----bug的解决方案已经形成,在等待QA的验证。从这一步往下,bug可以被标志成"REOPENED”,或者是"VERIFIED”,或者是被认为很好的解决了,标志成"CLOSED”。

VERIFIED----QA已经查看过bug的解决方案,并且同意针对bug已经做出的修改。

CLOSED---- bug已经被解决,解决方案是被认为是正确的。

"解决”

FIXED----对bug的一个修改已经被登记,并且已经经过测试。

INVALID----被描述的问题不是一个bug。

WONTFIX----被描述的问题是一个bug,但是不准备进行修改。

LATER----被描述的问题是一个bug,但是不在产品的目前版本中进行修改。

REMIND----被描述的问题是一个bug,但是很可能不在产品的目前版本中进行修改,但可能还是问题

DUPLICATE----提出的问题和当前已经存在的某个bug重复。

WORKSFORME----不能重现这个bug,查看源代码也不知道为什么会出现这样的bug 现象,如果以后有更多的关于这个bug的线索,重新接受这个bug。

Blocks----阻碍其他bug修复的bug。This bug must be resolved before the bugs listed in this field can be resolved.

Cab Review----A custom Drop Down field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Bug Interest----A custom Date/Time field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Assignee----负责分配此bug修复工作的人，每当此栏更改，bug状态需重新变更为new，便于看出

CC----一些没有直接参与bug修复，但是对其进度感兴趣的用户

Changed----When this bug was last updated. 

Classification----Bugs are categorised into Classifications, Products and Components. classifications is the top-level                           categorisation.
colo-trip----A custom Drop Down field in this installation of Bugzilla.

Comment 评论----Bugs have comments added to them by Bugzilla users. You can search for some text in those comments.

Comment Tag----A custom Unknown Type field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Component ----组件，一个二级目录，每个组件属于一个特定的Product。 Select a Product to narrow down this list. 

Content---- This is a field available in searches that does a Google-like 'full-text' search on the Summary and Comment fields. 
Crash Signature----A custom Large Text Box field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Creation date----When the bug was filed. 

Depends on ----描述此bug依赖于哪些bug，只有其依赖的bug先解决才能解决此bug。

Due Date----A custom Date field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

feature-b2g----A custom Extension field in this installation of Bugzilla.

Hardware ----This is the hardware platform against which the bug was reported. Legal platforms include: 

blocker----	Blocks development and/or testing work

critical----	crashes, loss of data, severe memory leak 数据缺失，内存泄露

major----	major loss of function

normal----	regular issue, some loss of functionality under specific circumstances

minor----	minor loss of function, or other problem where easy workaround is present

trivial	----cosmetic problem like misspelled words or misaligned text

enhancement----	Request for enhancement 增强

Summary----The bug summary is a short sentence which succinctly describes what the bug is about. 一段简介的描述这个bug的情况

Tags----A custom Unknown Type field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Target Milestone----The Target Milestone field is used to define when the engineer the bug is assigned to expects to fix it.                      描述希望何时分配给工程师bug去修复。

URL----Bugs can have a URL associated with them - for example, a pointer to a web site where the problem is seen. 描述有些bug        存在一个指向它被发现的web链接

User Story---A custom Large Text Box field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

ux-b2g----A custom Extension field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Version----The version field defines the version of the software the bug was found in. 描述bug被发现的软件的版本

Votes----Some bugs can be voted for, and you can limit your search to bugs with more than a certain number of votes. 

Whiteboard----Each bug has a free-form single line text entry box for adding tags and status information. 为bug添加额外的标签和               状态信息

Points---A custom Drop Down field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Priority 优先级----This field describes the importance and order in which a bug should be fixed compared to other bugs. This                     field is utilized by the programmers/engineers to prioritize their work to be done where P1 is considered                     the highest and P5 is the lowest. 

Product ----Bugs are categorised into Products and Components. Select a Classification to narrow down this list. 

QA Contact ----The person responsible for confirming this bug if it is unconfirmed, and for verifying the fix once the bug has                 been resolved. 负责证实此bug的人如果它的状态是为证实的，当它被解决的时候负责验证。

QA Whiteboard----A custom Free Text field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Rank----A custom Integer field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

relnote-b2g----A custom Extension field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

relnote-firefox----A custom Extension field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Reporter ----The person who filed this bug.   bug的申请者

Restrict Comments----A custom Unknown Type field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

See Also----This allows you to refer to bugs in other installations. You can enter a URL to a bug in the 'Add Bug URLs' field             to note that that bug is related to this one. You can enter multiple URLs at once by separating them with a comma. 
            You should normally use this field to refer to bugs in other installations. For bugs in this installation, it                is better to use the Depends on and Blocks fields.
            
Severity ----This field describes the impact of a bug描述bug影响的级别

Has Regression Range----A custom Drop Down field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Has STR----A custom Drop Down field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Importance----The importance of a bug is described as the combination of its Priority and Severity. 

Iteration----A custom Drop Down field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Keywords----You can add keywords from a defined list to bugs, in order to easily identify and group them.  描述bug的关键词，用             于定义和分类。

Last Resolved----A custom Date/Time field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Last Visit----A custom Date/Time field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Locale----A custom Multiple-Selection Box field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Machine State----A custom Drop Down field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Mentor----A custom Unknown Type field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Mozilla Project----A custom Drop Down field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

Office/Space----A custom Drop Down field in this installation of Bugzilla. 

OS----This is the operating system against which the bug was reported. Legal operating systems include: 


